That's not possible.
How can you possibly have so much money in one day?
It must have been taken from my Royal Company
This was my royal family
It's his grandfather, if the Wang family is really rich
Will the company go bankrupt?
This
Ye Yan, I was joking
The purpose is to test you
You are right
More than a son
Then mom will make the decision for you
What about the emperor's bride price?
It's up to you
Not much, 50 million
There we go.
The company is alive
The emperor's bride price is also available
Double happiness
Hey, son, don't you thank your brother-in-law?
Thanks. I don't want much.
60 million
Do you really think your Wang family
It's still 60 million
My mom was right
This money should be lower for me
Why why
Just because he is my Wang Qian's younger brother
Just rely on me Wang Qian English
You and your sister are not on the street yet
Just because I give you a chance
Is there any room for relaxation in our divorce?
Can be diligent
Endure again and again
The so-called love is really a bullshit story
Do you really think the world is nothing but your wool?
Can't I marry another woman?
Do you really think you are gorgeous?
Have you accepted your betrayal?
Say you're fat, your class is really out of breath, right?
You, an online beggar, want 50 million
I have been in the live stream for 9 yuan and 9 wine for many years.
Your grandfather is enough
Do you think grandpa will believe you?
Believe it or not
Here's the thing.
This 50 million
It's the pillow towel I used to treat Miss Liu's eyes
My grandfather is no longer trash in your eyes
What does our lady's eyes have to do with you?
Did it make you look stupid?
I think there is a cat, you might as well believe Liu Shao if you believe him
This is the golden turtle letter at 18 o'clock.
Oh, Miss Wang
Say thank you to you.
Hey, Mr. Liu is right
This money is clearly the Liu family's face to see Liu Shao
It's useless to do with your fart
Just uh
What did Liu Shao say?
That is also a rich side and a wealthy family in the cloud
That's perspective.
Who else but Liu Shao could it be?
As for
Yanyan, my sister can marry you
That's looking down on you
It is the virtue accumulated by your Ye family ancestors
Without my sister
Without my Wang family
Are you just hating your life?
You can't say that if you can't shoot good things
Night shows are very popular now
If anyone who is in demand can like him, I will take his last name
Then someone else will come